What's new highlights for Ignite 2024 (#4785)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/whats-new-overview.md

This page highlights new features and upcoming changes for the Azure CLI.

## Ignite 2024!

There are several new Azure CLI features being released for Ignite 2024.

* Improved credential protection
* New end-to-end scenarios in Azure Copilot

> * Support for Azure Linux 3.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for Azure CLI on Azure Linux 3.0
```

* Refined Azure CLI extension management

For details on the new features, see [Azure CLI and Azure PowerShell Ignite 2024 Announcement](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/azuretoolsblog/azure-cli-and-azure-powershell-ignite-2024-announcement/4304204).

## AI Shell

> AI Shell introduces a seamless way to access Copilot in Azure directly from your command-line interface (CLI). Generate Azure CLI commands using natural language -- right in your preferred terminal environment! For more information, see [Use Microsoft Copilot in Azure with AI Shell](/azure/copilot/ai-shell-overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AI Shell introduces a seamless way to obtain assistance from Copilot in Azure directly within your command-line interface (CLI). Generate Azure CLI commands using natural language -- right in your preferred terminal environment! For more information, see [Use Microsoft Copilot in Azure with AI Shell](/azure/copilot/ai-shell-overview).
```
